See the 'rewrite' branch for the lastest effort;  As suggested by the name, absolutely nothing is backwards compatible.

Usage:

Make bin/Bread_Scheduler.rb executable and run in your terminal (you'll also probably need to change the shebang path to point to your ruby install).  It'll take you the rest of the way.



Mike's Baking Scheduler v1.0

What it can do:
  <br />-You give it your starting time, and the rise and baking times for each bread you want to bake on the given day, and it'll give you the most efficient schedule it can manage for that day.
  <br />-Takes into account the number of loaf pans and ovens you have access to.  (sometimes... :) )
  <br />-Accounts for kitchen temperature's effect on rise times.
  <br />-Easy to edit baking days' start times and all bread info.
  
What it can't do (yet):
  <br />-Save baking schedules...or breads...(coming soonish though)...
  
Future of the Project:
  <br />-A web application that allows for the creation of user accounts, stored breads, and easy sharing of recipes off-site.
Enjoy!

Dependencies:
  <br />-Rubygems
  <br />-Highline v 1.5.0
  <br />-awesome_print v 1.0.2

Current Issues:
  <br />-Several months on, this code makes my eyes bleed.  Improvements (where it really does matter) forthcoming.
  <br />-The pan_check method is not the most effective;
  <br />-Sometimes, a bread will be shot to the end of the schedule, starting after all others are finished, to no real purpose due to the incremented time adjustments, or due to the initial scheduling divisions; this is being worked on, but for now, common sense will typically serve you best if you see something you don't think is right.  (Please feel free to send along the input that produced the error, as well!  RSpec tests are coming, but even those can't check everything. :P )

Questions, comments?  Contact me here: designmporter@gmail.com

Licensed under GPL (v3)

<p>********************************************</p>

    Bread Scheduler, a tool for efficient bakers.
    Copyright (C) 2012  Michael Porter
   

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.


    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.
 

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
